Add provider cache (#4597)
kubernetes-sigs/external-dns: docs/tutorials/aws.md

Running several fast polling ExternalDNS instances in a given account can easily hit that limit. Some ways to reduce the request rate include:
* Reduce the polling loop's synchronization interval at the possible cost of slower change propagation (but see `--events` below to reduce the impact).
  * `--interval=5m` (default `1m`)

> * Cache the results of the zone at the possible cost of slower propagation when the zone gets modified from other sources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enable a Cache to store the zone records list. It comes with a cost: slower propagation when the zone gets modified from other sources.
```

> * Enable a Cache to store the zone records list. It comes with a cost: slower propagation when the zone gets modified from other sources.

Reviewer 2: Can you explain this part a bit better? What do you mean with "other sources"?

Author: Sure, here you go

```suggestion
* Enable a Cache to store the zone records list. It comes with a cost: slower propagation when the zone gets modified from other sources such as the AWS console, terraform, cloudformation or anything similar.
```

Reviewer 3: proposed changes sounds good to me
